Now I want you to finish creating your second draft, edit using your own footage or the violinist footage
that we've been working on for this section.
Remember to use the techniques like shot, choice, shot, ordering, shot length, pacing, cutting
on movement, coloring and stabilization to really improve on the second draft of your edit before you
export it.
So remember with shot ordering choice length.
We're deciding what to use depending on this story we're trying to tell and the emotional response we're
trying to create in our viewer.
We're going to cut on movement to make our cuts as invisible and seamless as possible.
And we're going to color our clips in a selective way to really choose what kind of colors and tones
we want to enhance and increase.
And we're going to then stabilize or you're going to then stabilize all of your shots so that everything
is looking really smooth.
When that's done, just like me, you're going to export your video.
You're going to upload it online.
And you can share your video URL in the Q&A section to get feedback from other students.
Or if you want to give feedback to another student's video, edit, you can respond to their post in
the Q&A section.
That wraps it up for this learning lesson.
And I will see you in the next chapter.